feat: modifying the base container in authn (#1153)
openedx/frontend-app-authn: docs/how_tos/modifying_base_container.rst

========================================
Modifying the Base Container in Authn
========================================

The base container in Authn serves as the fundamental layout structure for rendering different components based on configurations. This document outlines the process for modifying the base container to accommodate changes or customize layouts as needed.

Understanding Base Container Versions
--------------------------------------

The base container supports two main versions:

- **Default Layout:** The default layout is the standard layout used when specific configurations do not dictate otherwise.
.. image:: ./docs/images/default_layout.png
- **Image Layout:** The image layout is an alternative layout option that can be enabled based on configurations.

> .. image:: ./docs/images/image_layout.png

Reviewer: Images are not visible. looking like
<img width="1040" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-09 at 12 19 08 PM" src="https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-authn/assets/52817156/1495b521-eb37-43ca-86c7-d3881fae53ea">

> Enabling the Image Layout
> ---------------------------
> 
> To enable the image layout, follow these steps:
> 
> 1. **Access Configuration Settings**
> 
>    Navigate to the configuration file .env where Authn settings are defined.
> 
> 2. **Update Configuration**
> 
>    Set the value of ``ENABLE_IMAGE_LAYOUT`` to ``true`` to enable the image layout. We should also provide these configuration settings
> 
> 
>    .. code-block::
> 
>       # ***** Base Container Images *****
>       BANNER_IMAGE_LARGE=''
>       BANNER_IMAGE_MEDIUM=''
>       BANNER_IMAGE_SMALL=''
>       BANNER_IMAGE_EXTRA_SMALL=''
> 
> 
> This allows for the customization and adaptation of the base container layout according to specific requirements.

Reviewer: Can we please make it like this if it makes sense? Please provide your opinion too.
Note: Please make required formatting changes if needed.

```suggestion
Enabling the Image Layout
---------------------------

To activate the image layout feature, navigate to your .env file and update the configurations:

**Update Configuration**

Locate the ENABLE_IMAGE_LAYOUT parameter and set its value to True. Additionally, ensure that the Image configuration settings are provided. Your overall configurations should resemble the following:

   .. code-block::

      # ***** Image Layout Configuration *****
      ENABLE_IMAGE_LAYOUT = True  # Set to True to enable image layout feature
      
      # ***** Base Container Images *****
      BANNER_IMAGE_LARGE = ''  # Path to the large banner image
      BANNER_IMAGE_MEDIUM = ''  # Path to the medium-sized banner image
      BANNER_IMAGE_SMALL = ''  # Path to the small banner image
      BANNER_IMAGE_EXTRA_SMALL = ''  # Path to the extra-small banner image

This allows for the customization and adaptation of the base container layout according to specific requirements.
```

Author: Yup, this looks good. I will change it according to it.
